+++
date = '2026-05-11T18:39:48+05:30'
draft = true
title = 'The Spectator views on Turing Test'
+++
**In this Unit, we were listening to someone's project Presentation and gave a spectator view on that topic. I have listened to the Turing test and its purpose because it is related to machines and its imitations. At first I had no idea about this topic, after their explanations I understood that Alan Turing introduced this concept to test whether a machine could imitate human intelligence well. This topic made us change our view on Artificial Intelligence.I liked the way of explaining the difference between intelligence and imitation. We realized that AI responses that seem very natural like a human, making it difficult to users whether it is man or machine. However, we have to understand that producing human-like answers does not mean AI truly thinks like humans do. It can also simply respond based on the prompt and patterns.My thought on this topic was that the imitations of these AI tools are only based on the given prompt or text. If the text is like a human, it will respond like a human otherwise it may also respond like a machine. This was my view on this topic. I'm not sure that my thought aligned with this but, somehow it worked along with that. Some of the technical terms that I have not been able to follow like witness rate and pass rate. They could have done very well if they explained the case study more approachable to the audience. I personally did not get it. Otherwise It was a fantastic topic to note and explore. Through this activity I learned just hearing something is not going to remain forever. we have to make a dive in it. Hope you enjoyed my post :)**

