+++
date = '2026-03-18T17:25:46+05:30'
draft = false
title = 'Learning through Information Problems'
+++
The unit is basically give a idea about how images are classified in pixels based on the different types of problems. It insists images not only visual elements but also powerful tools for many things such as problem solving, mathematical stuffs, etc., One of the most interesting part in this unit which I reaaly liked was working with images at the pixel level. we did activities like blurring, contrast, transformation and shifting in images which helped us to understand small things had lot of works at the backend. It was so fun and we learnt  some unknowing facts like pixel calculations. we also explored  number conversions that was the most effective part which is helpful in the bitwise operations. The concept of bitwise operations to pixels showed how computers process images at the binary level. We did  (X-OR) operations with some numbers and check whether it is a idempotent ,self-inverse or invertible.

The second part was the functions and graphs. We worked with some functions and drew graphs based on the functions. We also made the composition of the two functions and vice-versa. It was helpful in the way of making a visual element from the standard data we had in our own. Then we did problems based on optimization and abstraction. Coin change problem was helpful for finding the best way to make certain things like budgeting. Knapsack problem was helpful in the way of packinng something for trips, schools or places like office also. It basically encourages us to find a certain way which is easy and effective at the same time. Apart from these two many problem like drawing train route, konigsberg and so on. Each and every topic was so interesting to me. It engaged us to solve the problems in a effective way!!. Overall, this learning experience showed me how concepts like these are not just theoretical ideas but are deeply connected to real life. Hope you enjoy reading this!! :)
